Keep opportunities up-to-date with unit group (#6227)
greenriver/hmis-warehouse: drivers/hmis/app/models/hmis/ce/match/README_FOR_CE_MATCH_ENGINE.md

- **Candidate Pool Key**: `[priority_expression, requirement_expression]` (Strings). Default/no‑specific‑rules returns `nil` (no pool is created; associations remain `NULL`).
- **Rule Precedence**: Priority scheme selection is by owner precedence `UnitGroup > Project > Organization`; tie-breaker by rule `id`. Eligibility requirements from all applicable owners are combined with logical AND in deterministic order.
- **Idempotent Creation**: Pools are uniquely identified by `(priority_expression, requirement_expression)` at the DB level; bulk creation uses upserts that ignore duplicates.

> - **Builder Semantics**: Opportunities now always use the candidate pool from their unit group, and no longer have a concept of being "stale".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unit group → candidate pool**: Each waitlist-enabled Unit Group gets assigned a single candidate pool derived from its inherited ruleset. All opportunities within that unit group use this unit-group-level pool. (Note: old opportunity-candidate pool association and "stale" opportunity concept has been removed.)
```

Might be clearer? I don't see represented in this "quick reference" a clear explanation of the fact that Candidate Pools are assigned to Unit Groups.
